doc: Document Flex cluster support in `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource and data sources (#3070)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/flex_cluster.md

`mongodbatlas_flex_cluster` provides a Flex Cluster resource. The resource lets you create, update, delete and import a flex cluster.

> **RECOMMENDATION:** We now recommend using the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource instead of `mongodbatlas_flex_cluster` resource to create and manage flex clusters. The `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource not only supports Flex clusters but also supports tenant and dedicated clusters, providing easier transition between different cluster types. For more information, see [Advanced Cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**RECOMMENDATION:** We recommend using the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource instead of the `mongodbatlas_flex_cluster` resource to create and manage Flex clusters. The `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource not only supports Flex clusters, but also supports tenant and dedicated clusters, providing easier migration between different cluster types. For more information, see the [Advanced Cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) resource.
```
